---
title: "Week Notes 26#14"
description: ""
date: "2026-04-06T19:51:49.823Z"
tags: ["week-notes"]
---

- Started the week with a trip to a friends cabin nearby. The plan was to enjoy some vacation until I need to go back to work.
    - The cabin is just 1,5h south of Trondheim, so the trip was short
    - When we arrived there was more snow than we expected and the road we were planning to take was not drivable (and we learned later that it was closed). After some troubles getting the snow-chains on the car we had a call with our friend and decided to try a different entry to the whole area. The other entry worked, even though I am now 100%-sure that our next car needs AWD.
    - The cabin was nice and quite. Perfect to enjoy some final family days before work. But my allergies kicked in, Baby-En slept really bad, which made us tired as f*ck and the cabin was obviously not baby-proof which is quite exhausting when you have a baby that just learned to walk while holding on to stuff.
    - So all in all we decided to cut the trip short and drove back on Thursday. BUT we told us that until Sunday (the day we wanted to go back) we were not allowed to do anything off of our TODO-list. So basically enjoy vacations at home. This worked great!
- For the rest of the week we went on some walks, had a lovely easter lunch at a friends place. (Vegan) chicken on waffles. Apparently a very American dish. It sounds very weird but was actually quite good.
- Let's see how next week will go. Monday is still of due to easter but Tuesday I'll be back at work. First time since september that I will not spend most of my day with Baby-En :/

Watched ([trakt.tv](https://app.trakt.tv/profile/niklasfyi)):

- Zootopia 2
- Scrubs 2026 (S01/E01-02)
- Fear the Walking Dead (S06/E01)
- Ghosts (S05/E14)
- Fallout (S02/E08)
